No, Lord Dragon Emperor
I'm not rejecting you.
I'm just more serious about relationships
Want to take it step by step
Ok I respect you
You go first, I'll get you a glass of water, okay?
Humph little beauty
If I want you, you can still run away
Come have a glass of water dear
Thank you. Actually, I was testing you just now.
See if you are a casual girl
It didn't disappoint.
You are pure
Of course I'm pure
I haven't had a boyfriend yet
I have never held hands with anyone
Really? It's not human to lie to you.
Okay, okay, drink the water now
OK
Thank you, Lord Wang
Finish this glass of water
You have to call me later
Is the Dragon Emperor's husband?
What a big dog guts
How dare you appear as the Dragon Emperor